1.Clicking the Open button in the File. It will open the File Explorer of user’s computer. There, in the File Explorer, firstly, the first data file is selected and opened, after that, the File Explorer will open again, and the second data file should be selected and opened. Both of selected data file’s content will be displayed in the listBox. 
2.The first task is Length of route. Before starting the task, the name of the route should be written into the textbox. Any name of the route can be written into the textbox. Then Length of route should be clicked in the Actions1 menu. Depending on the entered data it will return that there is such route with certain length or there is no such route. If any data has been entered into the textbox, the program will return MessageBox with descriptions what should be entered.
3.The second task is Route with length in interval. The two integer numbers should be entered into the textbox with space between them, otherwise, program will return error. Click the Route with length in interval after entering required data, and routes within given interval will be displayed. If there is no such route, program will write down it into the listBox. 
4.The third task is Sort by the number of stops. Click the relevant button in the Actions1 in the upper bar. If there is any data of the list presented, it will show it up in the table format sorted by the number of stops, from the lowest up to the highest. If the list is empty, the MessageBox will inform user about it. 
5.The fourth task is Remove. It will remove the route with certain letter in its name entered by the user. Any word longer than one letter will not be valid, and the program will warn about it. Letter can be in upper or lowercase, it does not matter. Program will remove each route that undergoes stated conditions, and will present updated table. In the case the list is empty, program will write down that the result list is empty.
6.The fifth task is Insert. The appropriate txt file with new routes within name of the city should be selected in the opened window after clicking Insert button in the menu. It will add all data into the table of data without changing the order of the presented data.
7.The last task is Duration more than. The number of in minutes should be entered into the textbox. The number should be more than 0 and it should be integer number. The program returns all routes from two initial data files with the duration more than the entered number. If the list is empty, the MessageBox will inform user about it.
8.Save button in the File section will save all data of the listBox into the file selected by the user in the opening File Explorer. 
9.Close button, which is located in the File, is responsible for the end of the program.
